c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer.exe
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer.pdb
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer.xml
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\WindowsApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\WindowsApplication1.Resources.resources
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer.exe
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer.xml
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer.pdb
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer.exe.manifest
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer.application
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer.TrustInfo.xml
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer.exe.manifest
c:\documenti_boiero\visual studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer\SES_Analyzer\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer.application
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.exe.manifest
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.application
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.exe
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.pdb
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\bin\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.xml
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\WindowsApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\WindowsApplication1.Form2.resources
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\WindowsApplication1.Resources.resources
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.exe.manifest
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.application
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.exe
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.xml
C:\Documenti_Boiero\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SES_Analyzer_v3\obj\x86\Release\SES_Analyzer V3.pdb
